Document package build tools for go dependencies (#3882)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: packages/README.md

(If `file` is not defined, the text after the last `/` character in `url` is used.)

If your source is not yet available in the upstream source mirror, you can run `cargo make` with `-e BUILDSYS_UPSTREAM_SOURCE_FALLBACK=true`.

> If you simply download the external source tarball to the package's directory (here, `packages/libwoof`), cargo make will use the tarball it finds there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you download the external source tarball to the package's directory (here, `packages/libwoof`), `cargo make` will use the tarball it finds there.
```

#### Metadata: go dependency resolution

Go packages may handle their dependencies by either:
- **vendoring:** the author runs `go mod vendor` at the appropriate places in their file hierarchy (basically, any directory with a `go.mod` file) and commits the resulting `vendor` directory to git (and thus to any tarball you receive).
  There is nothing more you need to do if this is the case; the source code comes complete with all of its dependencies.

> - **hope for the best:** the author does not include the `vendor` directory created by `go mod vendor`. In most environments, this will work; go will fetch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **non-vendoring:** the author does not include the `vendor` directory created by `go mod vendor`. In most environments, this will work; go will fetch
```

  dependencies automatically (and cache them). In the Bottlerocket build environment, this will not work. The build runs in an isolated container, and there is
  no way for go to fetch these files at build time.

> For a **hope for the best** package, the Bottlerocket package build tooling can create the vendor directories and plug them in to your tree for you. To do this, include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a **non-vendoring** package, the Bottlerocket package build tooling can create the vendor directories and plug them in to your tree for you. To do this, include:
```

```
bundle-modules = [ "go" ]
```

> in your `[[package.metadata.build-package.external-files]]` section. For a package with its only go.mod at the root of the source tree, this will create a tarball

Reviewer: I believe our current markdown style calls for new lines for each sentence.

named `bundled-tarballname.tar.gz` (where you are building from a tarball named `tarballname.tar.gz`).

If you have multiple go.mod files, you can repeat the `[[package.metadata.build-package.external-files]]` once for each go.mod. For this more complex scenario, you
need a few extra lines:

```

> bundle-root-path = "soci-snapshotter-0.5.0/cmd"

Reviewer: nit: can you keep it consistent with our libwoof examples?

bundle-output-path = "bundled-cmd.tar.gz"
bundle-modules = [ "go" ]
```

The `bundle-root-path` variable is the full directory name where the go.mod file resides and `bundle-output-path` sets the name of the tarball to be generated.

In each case, the resulting tarballs can be applied at the root of the source tree and will create a `vendor` directory in parallel with the `go.mod` that generated

> it. You will include and  unpack these files in the `.spec` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it. 
You will include and unpack these files in the `.spec` file.
```
